Add useWallet and Faucet to casper-open-source-software doc (#1281)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/resources/casper-open-source-software.md

[ServicesDAO](https://github.com/EKON-YAZILIM/ServicesDAO) | The ServicesDAO portal provides a platform for the service DAOs which provide services in a decentralized manner through a modular implementation of MVPR. | Ekon Yazilim | HTML-CSS-C# | MIT license | 2022-09-13 | DAO
[Uniswap DemoApp](https://github.com/Rengo-Labs/CasperLabs-Uniswap-DemoApp) | Uniswap UI + Contracts | Rengo Labs | JavaScript | GPL-3.0 license | 2022-09-15 | DeFi
[Verified Impact NFT](https://github.com/AdelElMessiry/Verified-Impact-NFTs) | An NFT platform dedicated to impact causes with verification of the beneficiaries | AlphaFin | JavaScript-Rust | MIT license | 2022-07-08 | NFT

> [UseWallet](https://usewallet.casperdash.io) | useWallet is a collection of React Hooks containing everything you need to start working with Casper Network | CasperDash | Typescript-React | MIT license | 2023-09-19 | dApp library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[UseWallet](https://usewallet.casperdash.io) | useWallet is a collection of React Hooks containing everything you need to start working with a Casper network | CasperDash | Typescript-React | MIT license | 2023-09-19 | dApp library
```

> [Faucet](https://faucet.casperdash.io) | A faucet is a casper tool that drips testnet tokens to anyone that requests them for free | CasperDash | Typescript-React | MIT license | 2023-09-19 | Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Testnet Faucet](https://faucet.casperdash.io) | A faucet is a Casper tool that distributes Testnet tokens to anyone requesting them for free | CasperDash | Typescript-React | MIT license | 2023-09-19 | Tools
```
